chore: add PR template (#2883)
deepset-ai/haystack: .github/pull_request_template.md

### Related Issues

> - fixes #issue-number

Reviewer: Beware this might have undesired effects: sometimes we refer to an issue but we don't want to close it by merging the PR. Why not using comments like we do in the other sections?

```suggestion
- <!--- Link this PR to an existing issue, for example: fixes #1234, related to #2345 --> 
```

Reviewer 2: I prefer the way it is right now actually. Leaving only a comment encourages people to simply list the issues: many don't know that adding `fixes` or `closes` has any effect, so they won't get the hint.

However having a PR that closes an issue is the most common case, so I'd rather default to that. Reviewers can always remove `fixes` from the original description if they decide it's not correct.

Author: @masci What do you think? I tend to agree with Sarah on this one.

> ### Proposed Changes?

Reviewer 2: Personal: I prefer the colon here rather than the question mark 

```suggestion
### Proposed Changes:
```

>  <!--- In case of a bug: Describe what caused the issue and how you solved it-->

Reviewer 2: Minor: I would add another line with instruction for features, like 
```suggestion
 <!--- In case of a bug: Describe what caused the issue and how you solved it -->
 <!--- In case of a feature: Describe what did you add and how it works -->
```

### How did you test it?
<!-- unit tests, integration tests, manual verification, instructions for manual tests -->

### Notes for the reviewer
<!-- E.g. point out section where the reviewer  -->

### Checklist
- [ ] I have updated the referenced issue with new insights and changes

> - [ ] If this is a code change, I have added unit tests

Reviewer 2: Minor: why specifying "**unit**" tests? Some PRs deserve integration tests too, if not end2end in case of new nodes or substantial features. Sometimes contributors bring those too.

I believe we should remove "**unit**" from this line.

```suggestion
- [ ] If this is a code change, I have added tests
```

- [ ] I've used the [conventional commit convention](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) for my PR title

> - [ ] I updated the docstrings

Reviewer: I like the previous version better
```suggestion
- [ ] If this is a code change, I updated the docstrings
```

Author: @ZanSara suggested this. I'm good with either to be honest.

### Related Issues
- fixes #issue-number

### Proposed Changes:
 <!--- In case of a bug: Describe what caused the issue and how you solved it -->
 <!--- In case of a feature: Describe what did you add and how it works -->

### How did you test it?
<!-- unit tests, integration tests, manual verification, instructions for manual tests -->

### Notes for the reviewer
<!-- E.g. point out section where the reviewer  -->

### Checklist

> - [ ] I have updated the referenced issue with new insights and changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have updated the related issue with new insights and changes
```

> - [ ] If this is a code change, I have added tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I added tests that demonstrate the correct behavior of the change
```

> - [ ] I've used the [conventional commit convention](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) for my PR title

Reviewer: There's no mention of this in the contributing guidelines, let's add a paragraph there before merging

> - [ ] I updated the docstrings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I documented my code
- [ ] I ran pre-commit hooks and fixed any issue
```

> - [ ] I have read the [contributors guidelines](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have read the [contributors guidelines](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) and the [code of conduct](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/blob/master/code_of_conduct.txt)
```

Reviewer: Also let's move this item to the top of the list

### Proposed Changes
 <!--- In case of a bug: Describe what caused the issue and how you solved it-->

### Related Issues

> - fixes #issue-number

Reviewer 2: Very personal opinion: I like issues to be the first thing contributors read when opening a PR. It makes them think that they should open one before proceeding :grin:

### How Did You Test It?
<!-- unit tests, integration tests, manual verification, instructions for manual tests -->

### Notes for the Reviewer
<!-- E.g. point out section where the reviewer  -->

### Screenshots (optional)

> <!-- May be added to illustrate the changes -->

Reviewer 2: Personally I think in Haystack is really rare to have screenshots to share. This can only encourage people to post screenshots of stacktraces imho :smile:

## Pre-flight checklist
- [ ] I have read the [contributors guidelines](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

> - [ ] I have [enabled actions on my fork](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#forks)

Reviewer 2: This is actually obsolete now :tada: #2819

> - [ ] I have [enabled actions on my fork](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#forks)

Reviewer 3: We shouldn't need that line anymore thanks to the pre commit hooks: https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/pull/2819

> - [ ] If this is a code change, I added tests or updated existing ones 

Reviewer 2: I would keep either this section of the check in the checklist below. Probably an explicit section is better than a checkbox, so I'd remove this in favor of the section above

- [ ] If this is a code change, I updated the docstrings
- [ ] I've used the [conventional commit convention](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) for my PR title

> - [ ] I have updated the referenced issue with new insights and changes

Reviewer 3: Follow the format of the previous lines, this line could maybe start with something like "If this PR does not close the referenced issue," or other cases. Thereby we make clear that there might be PRs that do not need to update the referenced issue

Author: @julian-risch Would it be okay to repost your comment on the Notion page for the handbook? We've continued iterating on the template [there](https://www.notion.so/deepsetai/Version-control-PR-review-and-approval-6775940fe3e644dd936c6f489bc7d3a8?d=759038f618a948e8a148f3d65e295e1e#ce789182832a4f8a8d598814876fe74a)
